[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome to a
new edition of Beyond Belief.
Sarah Breskman Cosme
joining us again.
She's a bestselling author
and master hypnotist
specializing in past life
regression and quantum healing
hypnosis techniques.
She has recently
published her new book,
A Hypnotist Journey to Avalon.
Sarah, welcome to the program.
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME:
Thanks so much for having me
again, George.
>>NOORY: What's new?
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
Well, I wanted to
tell you a secret.
Did you know that Dolores Cannon
had a secret crush on you?
>>NOORY: She never told me that.
God rest her soul.
How did you hear that?
>>COSME: Well, from her family.
And they knew I was coming on
here because I do her work,
so I'm close with her family.
And they said that it was
a secret that she had.
>>NOORY: I first met her when
I was doing my Nighthawk show
in Saint Louis many, many
years ago in the late 1990s.
>>COSME: And she
loved you very much.
I know you guys were buddies.
>>NOORY: You're going
to make me tear up.
Tell us about your new book,
A Hypnotist Journey to Avalon.
And what is Avalon?
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
This newest book
is so interesting.
So I do the same work
that Dolores did.
And essentially,
I take my clients
to the deepest level of trance.
And that's how I find
out all this information,
and it's so fun.
So my newest book, A
Hypnotist Journey to Avalon,
happened by accident.
I essentially didn't know I
would be writing about Avalon.
And I had this client
named Christie that was
my main subject for this book.
Essentially, how
this all started was
Christie didn't know
about any of this stuff.
And she watched a
little video of me
talking to Regina Meredith about
this other woman named Christie.
And so this new Christie was
listening to this information
and thought that
she knew me somehow.
And then she realized I was
talking about a different person
named Christie who had this
specific brain condition,
and the new Christie had
the same brain condition.
And then it gets even crazier.
So she's watching this show.
She doesn't know me, but
she thinks she knows me.
And she's hearing me talk
about this other Christie
with the brain--
>>NOORY: Thinking it's her.
>>COSME: Yeah.
She just thinks, wow, this
is really interesting.
And then I start talking
about these things
that the new Christie has
had reoccurring dreams about.
So this new Christie
thinks, oh, my gosh.
I need to contact this Sarah
person not knowing me at all.
And she tries to book
a session with me,
but I'm completely booked.
So then she sees I'm teaching
this workshop in the Keys
and she thinks, I don't know
if I should go to a workshop
that I don't really
know anything about.
I don't really know this person.
So she thinks about going,
and she goes into her garden.
And as she's gardening, she
finds these two jugs sticking up
out of the ground.
And she looks at
the jugs and she
realizes they're full of money,
so she starts to count them.
>>NOORY: What?
>>COSME: Yes.
They equal the amount
of my workshop.
So she books my workshop.
And then before coming
to the workshop,
since she has the
same brain condition
as my previous hypnosis
subject for a previous book,
she contacts me to see if
she can get in earlier.
But I don't have anything
available I tell her.
>>NOORY: You're booked.
>>COSME: I'm totally booked.
And then the same
moment I respond to her,
somebody for that date cancels.
So I fit her in, and that's
how this book started.
She comes in for her
session, and she tells me
this crazy story of how she
found the money in her garden.
And so, under hypnosis, she
recounts this amazing past life
where her name was Alice and
she lived in the Middle Ages.
And Alice was connected to
this place called Avalon,
and that's how I started
into this whole world.
I didn't know what
Avalon was, and I'd never
heard really about this place.
But according to my
clients, and according
to Christie, this
new Christie, Avalon
is almost like this realm.
Some people describe
it as a fairy realm,
and some people describe
it as a place in the UK.
But what I've noticed
is that it's almost
like a consciousness.
And why all this information
was coming to me right now
is that as we merge through this
evolution of our consciousness,
we're bumping up
against this realm.
And apparently, according to
the higher selves of my clients,
we need this information
so we can be aware
of what we're bumping up
against and how we can actually
access magic again.
And that was the whole point
that this client under hypnosis
was bringing to my attention was
that we are magical creatures
and we hold so many abilities.
And as we're moving
through this evolution,
we need to remember
these ancient ways
so we know how to
utilize this magic again.
>>NOORY: Is it mythical
or a real place?
>>COSME: No.
So it seems like
according to these clients
that it's a real place.
>>NOORY: Let's go.
>>COSME: It's not mythical.
Yes, let's go.
Well, we're bumping
up against this realm.
And so, in a sense, it
seems like people actually
have memories of being in
this realm, this fairy realm.
Or memories of actually doing
sacred ceremonies in this place
that you would consider
Avalon in the United Kingdom.
And then there's even
an Avion in the cosmos.
And it's amazing that when
you connect with this realm,
that there are actually
amazing benefits
that we can gain from it.
You can work with
the Fairy Kingdom
and you can receive a lot
of benefits from doing that.
It seems like there are actually
fairies that are in this realm
that people are called
to work with, again.
>>NOORY: In Avalon?
>>COSME: In Avalon and even
all around us, that they
come into this realm and
they can do work with humans.
And that right now
we're bridging this gap
to start becoming more
aware of these other realms
and these other creatures
that actually are right here.
>>NOORY: Is there a
population of Avalon?
>>COSME: It seems like there's
a population of these fairy
creatures that
basically consider
themselves to live in this
realm and outside the realm.
So these fairy creatures
that live in Avalon
or live in this realm that some
people consider to be Avalon,
they are also here.
So it seems like
in this reality,
there are different
levels of realms that are
stacked on top of this reality.
When people are talking
about the different realms,
everything seems
to be right here.
So the creatures come in and
out of this realm, so to speak.
>>NOORY: Was Christie
physically in Avalon?
>>COSME: So, Christie, my
client, was physically a human,
but Alice was also physically
a human in the Middle Ages.
But she was connected
to that other realm.
And what was so fascinating is
it seemed like her and her mom
and her whole lineage
that came from Wales
were actually reincarnations
of these light elves.
So it's so interesting.
You hear a lot of people
talking about starseeds,
and that's something I've
come across a lot in my work.
But now, people are starting
to realize that some people are
reincarnations of these beings
that you would consider birth
from the earth.
So they're more like--
when they talk
about their lineage,
it seems like they come
from these light elf
beings that also consider
themselves birth of Mother Gaia.
And when I talk to
these fairy creatures
or when they come through
my clients under hypnosis,
I've asked him if they
consider themselves
to be extraterrestrial in
nature and they say no.
They consider themselves to
be children of the earth.
That they feel like they
were birthed from the earth
and they came through
the inner earth.
And that there is a
whole direct lineage
of people and beings
from the earth,
not extraterrestrials
in any way.
>>NOORY: But they
believe to be humans?
>>COSME: Yeah.
And there are many
reincarnations
of these fairy creatures that
are human right now, actually.
>>NOORY: What else does Christie
remember about the stone
circles, for example?
>>COSME: So it
was so interesting
because the stone circles
seem to be ancient transport
devices that were set up on
these specific ley lines, where
a person could go into
these stone circles.
And when they were
activated, you
could transport yourself
into a different realm,
a different dimension, or a
different place on the earth.
And in a stone
circle, you could also
reconnect with some of
your ancient ancestors.
You could do many ceremonies.
But Christie, in her
past life as Alice,
went into one of
these stone circles
and ended up in that place
you would consider Avalon.
And in this place where she went
to through the stone circle,
she actually reconnected with
a lot of her lineage there.
So it's amazing.
It seems like some of
these stone circles
can actually activate
during the equinox,
or a lightning of the veil it
opens up like a new pathway.
>>NOORY: Could Avalon
have been Atlantis?
>>COSME: That's a
really good question,
but it doesn't seem like
Avalon was Atlantis.
In fact, a lot of my clients
that remember Atlantis
remember that some of them--
actually, some of the people
from Atlantis, actually
went to Avalon to get away
from some of the Atlanteans.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>COSME: Because during that
time period when Atlantis was
going down, there
were some people--
>>NOORY: Literally.
>>COSME: Yeah, and
there were some people
that were warned
that they needed
to leave Atlantis and take with
them some sacred artifacts.
In fact, all these
great civilizations
have a sacred artifact
that is never destroyed,
and the same happened
with Atlantis.
Humanity has a lot of treasure
that came from Atlantis,
and even before
that has never been
destroyed like the holy grail.
And like some of these
books and scrolls, and even
the use of monatomic gold
was a practice that people
remember from Atlantis.
One of the reasons why they
were working with monatomic gold
was because they understood
that monatomic gold could
activate the Merkabah
within their bodies.
And they also realized that as
we move through this ascension
process, the pyramids all around
our earth plane form a Merkabah.
And at a certain
point, it's prophesied
that the Merkabah
within our bodies
and the Merkabah
around this planet
will light up and cause
a spinning motion.
And it will bump this whole
realm into a higher realm,
and that's something
that was prophesied even
before the destruction
of Atlantis.
In the higher selves that
have come through my clients,
they talk about
the fact that they
knew that Atlantis would always
go down as part of the ascension
process.
>>NOORY: The Knights
Templars, Sarah,
established hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of years
ago to protect Christians on
their passage to Jerusalem
and then they expanded.
What's their connection to
Atlantis, the red crystals,
and that region?
>>COSME: So it was really
interesting in people's memories
because I'm researching
everyone's memories.
It seemed as if the Knights
Templar were at one point
guarding this one royal
family, but that royal family
had this wizard that was helping
that particular royal family.
And this wizard
taught that family so
many different ancient ways.
>>NOORY: And the shaman.
>>COSME: Yes, like a shaman.
And they also taught
the Knights Templar
some of these ancient ways,
and that trickled down
into their society.
But in people's memories when
they remember the Knights
Templar starting
all of this, they've
seen that some Templars
were actually people that
were connected to the Essenes.
That they were
connected to this--
>>NOORY: As was Jesus.
>>COSME: Exactly.
And so it's really
quite interesting
to see that there has been a
group of people that were tasked
with hiding and safeguarding
some of our artifacts
and treasures for when the time
is right for all this knowledge
to resurface.
>>NOORY: What is
the significance
of the red crystals?
>>COSME: So the
red crystals seem
to be some of this treasure.
In other societies or
extraterrestrial societies,
they understood how powerful
the red crystals were.
And the red crystals can
actually destroy and create
a civilization.
In the Pleiadian
star systems, they
would use the red crystals
to create another realm
that they would pass into.
And it would download them with
the secrets of the universe,
and they would understand
that everything
is set up like a game.
And that the whole
point of our evolution
is to become lighter
in our density.
So everybody has this goal.
Every soul has a
goal where it wants
to lighten itself and continue
to move through these expansions
and evolutions and
lighten their density.
But these red crystals are
so incredibly powerful,
and some of them were
used in Atlantis.
They were brought
over from Atlantis
before Atlantis went
down and they were--
a lot of them were
hidden in Egypt.
And then some of
the Knights Templar
were tasked with hiding
these powerful crystals,
and they hid them as some of
the crown jewels in Scotland.
And then they took
them and they hid them
on an island in Nova Scotia,
where according to my clients,
they're still buried
even to this day.
But there is a prophesied
time when this will resurface
and people will start to have
these red crystals again.
But it won't be
any time too soon,
because our consciousness has to
be ready for that type of power.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
your client, Janice,
and what she remembers
about Avalon.
>>COSME: Janice was really
interesting because Janice--
>>NOORY: Still a client?
>>COSME: Yes, Janice is a
fantastic hypnosis subject.
So Janice remembered
that they used
the power of their own bodies,
because they understood
the power of body in
relation to how they would
create these sacred ceremonies.
So in some of
these ancient ways,
the women were the
natural leaders.
And one of the reasons why the
women were the natural leaders
and the women--
and they had a
matriarchal society
in a lot of these
ancient cultures
is because back
in the day, women
would store in their
subconscious mind
really important
information about plants.
And they wouldn't have
to teach their daughters.
It would just automatically
be like an instinct
that they would pass
to their daughter,
or their daughter
would just know
what plants they
would use for what
and what plants cause
hallucinogenic side effects
and whatnot.
But this knowledge
was so important
that the women were the
leaders because of it.
And also they also understood
that the womb was a very
powerful manifestation center.
And that's why the
women that had already
gone through menopause
in these societies
were the leaders as well,
because they had so much power
that they could utilize
in their physical body
that they could create things.
They were so extremely powerful.
And women also
understood and used
the cycles of the
moon to actually make
different tinctures.
And it was a really interesting.
So that's one of the
reasons why they understood
the power of the physical body.
>>NOORY: These women
of Avalon, do they
work with ley lines and grids?
>>COSME: They did.
They understood that they could
perform ceremonies and send
an intention into the
grid system of the earth,
and it would actually affect
the earth, affect them as well.
So the women of Avalon, and just
like all these other cultures,
would do these ceremonies.
And one of the ceremonies
that I found very interesting
is they would place
their feet on the ground
and they would do this
type of hip shaking.
And it was really--
>>NOORY: Elvis would
be impressed, right?
>>COSME: I think so,
because it was amazing how
they would use their own body.
And what they were doing was--
>>NOORY: Like a belly dance?
>>COSME: Almost, yeah.
And it's interesting
because you have
that culture that still does
that type of ancient dancing.
And then you have the
Polynesian dances,
and they're still doing
this hip shaking motion.
And essentially, what
they were doing was
they were getting rid
of negative energy.
They were actually
helping the earth
and helping themselves
as a collective.
>>NOORY: That's intriguing.
Tell us about your client,
Megan, and her tie-in
to the Knights Templar.
>>COSME: Megan was really
interesting because--
>>NOORY: Well, you got
a whole handful of them.
>>COSME: I know.
It's so exciting
the work that I do.
Well, Megan, under hypnosis,
could remember in so many detail
being someone that was trained
by the Knights Templar.
So Megan remembered,
and her name was Jules.
She was a man in this lifetime.
She was just a seaman.
He was a seaman, and at first
he was just transporting
artifacts and goods.
And he spent most of his life,
his adult life on a ship.
And his crew were excellent.
But they were approached
by the Knights Templar
one day when they were doing
their work at one of the ports.
>>NOORY: Who many
have said might
be from the bloodline of Jesus.
>>COSME: Yeah, possibly.
But it was so interesting
because they approached them
because they had
been watching them.
The Templars had
been watching them,
and the Templars wanted them
to transport their goods
and artifacts to hide them on
this island in Nova Scotia.
And so my client,
Megan, remembered
transporting these artifacts.
And I mean, she could
remember so many details
of this past life
and what it was
like to work with
the Knights Templar.
Some of the interesting things
that the Templars taught
them was they taught
them how to really become
more of a vessel
for the higher self.
I found that so fascinating.
They learned how to do these
breathing techniques, where they
would breathe in
through their whole body
and breathe all the way up
to their third eye and crown
chakra.
And when they would
release the breath,
it would bring them into this
really deep state of relaxation.
And it would help them
actually receive more messages.
And then they taught them how
to become like a transmitter
for even more information.
So they were taught
to go outside and put
their feet in the water.
And when the sun was going down
and the moon was hitting them
at the same time, that
they would be downloaded
with a lot of information.
And they were taught so
many different things like
that that would help
them in their missions,
guiding this treasure
because the treasure was
so important to humanity.
So if they were to
receive messages
from the cosmos that were also
helping them with this mission,
then they would understand how
to open themselves in this way.
These were ancient techniques
that were taught to them.
They were also taught to wear
the equal arm, red cross.
And a lot of people
don't realize this,
but that is a very
powerful symbol.
Some of these symbols
are so powerful that they
hold a vibration, a song.
And the equal arm
red cross actually
is said to hold the
vibration of source
and it would protect people.
So the cross actually symbolized
the arm stretching out.
It would be so stretching out
to basically support the person.
And then the bottom part of the
cross was the grounding element
and the top part was
connected to the cosmos,
and this symbol was a very
powerful protective symbol.
>>NOORY: But under hypnosis,
didn't Megan also talk
about the bloodline of Jesus?
>>COSME: Yes.
So apparently the Templars--
and this is controversial,
but apparently the Templars
knew that Jesus had children.
>>NOORY: That's what I hear.
>>COSME: And apparently the--
>>NOORY: There's Mary Magdalene.
>>COSME: I guess so.
And apparently they
kept a written record
of where this bloodline went
because it had to be protected.
>>NOORY: Well, we have
a clip of Megan talking
about Jesus's bloodline.
Let's take a look at that.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
- There is a
bloodline of Christ.
- Does that hold
magical properties?
Is that the bloodline that
they were always searching for
and they knew who was part
of the bloodline of Christ?
- There are descendants of
Jesus in our world currently,
and we know what a
strong soul He was.
And so that bloodline in His
DNA, it exists in this world.
And the Templars
know that actually.
They're aware of who
those individuals are,
and that is a
protected bloodline.
And so when we talk about
the cup of life, for example.
When the cup of life is found on
this island, which it will be,
those descendants
of his bloodline
are going to be able to go there
and light up that cup of life.
And they'll be able to
activate that so easily,
because that comes
from a long history
of His specific bloodline.
[END PLAYBACK]
How did she know this, Sarah?
>>COSME: She's under
hypnosis right there,
so she didn't know
this stuff consciously.
In fact, Megan was a
perfect hypnosis subject
because she didn't really
have any conscious knowledge--
>>NOORY: Is this from
a reincarnated being?
>>COSME: Yeah, so under-- she
came in for a session with me
to just heal herself.
She had a lot of
physical issues.
She didn't any of this
stuff consciously.
That's what makes the work that
I do so fascinating, because I
feel like I can find out
anything when a person--
>>NOORY: And you never know
what they're going to say.
>>COSME: Yeah.
And you know what's
so interesting
about this particular
bloodline of Christ
and that it had to be
protected, is apparently--
and it seems like the
Templars even know this.
That when this holy
grail is found,
it could be activated by
someone with this bloodline.
It's just like so many of these
ancient artifacts that we have.
It takes the right person
with the right bloodline
to be able to activate it.
But what's also
really interesting
is that as we evolve
our consciousness
and as we go through
this ascension process,
it seems like even if you
had a past life as one
of these characters, you
can contain within your soul
a specific soul bloodline that
is being activated right now.
So a person that had a past
life as one of these characters,
could also activate
this cup of life.
And this cup of life or what
they called the holy grail,
seems to be a real thing
that they would pass around
and it would activate
with the right bloodline
and with the right group.
And it would show you the
secrets of the universe, which
is that really what
you're doing here
is working on your ascension
and expansion of your soul,
and that you're eternal.
So you wouldn't find
everlasting life in this life.
You would just be aware and
downloaded with the information
that you had everlasting
life on the other side.
>>NOORY: What did
Christie say about fairies
as part of the Avalon ritual?
>>COSME: So Christie would
talk about fairies and how
we can reconnect with
fairies and start
working with them again.
In Christie's past
life as Alice,
she was taught
even by her mother
that something that was
very beneficial to do
would be to connect
with the fairy kingdom
by offering gifts that
they like, shiny objects.
And they like to work with
people that are full of joy.
That's why a lot of children
can see fairies, because--
>>NOORY: We have a clip
of Christie's regression
that you did that talks about
the origins of the fairy people.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Are the Fae extraterrestrial?
- No, they are not.
- What are they?
- They evolved and birthed
from the elements of the earth.
They are the children of
Arda or Gaia or earth.
So many names for her in
creation together with source.
And extraterrestrials
came here, and some even
mated with the Fae.
But they are different.
Some live inside the earth,
some went into the earth
after children from
the stars came.
[END PLAYBACK]
And she knows this how?
>>COSME: She's just finding
this out like I am in real time.
>>NOORY: Was she
hypnotized there?
>>COSME: She's in
deep hypnosis there.
So this is how all this stuff--
>>NOORY: Who was
she under hypnosis?
>>COSME: Under hypnosis, she
was this woman named Alice
who lived in the Middle Ages.
And she was actually--
Alice was actually married
to King Edward I's nephew.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COSME: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You found all this
out under interrogation?
>>COSME: Uh-huh.
And it was amazing
because I could find out
all these details
about her life and what
it was like to live as
a woman in the castle.
And.
oh, my gosh.
It was so-- George,
it was so fascinating.
I mean, the stuff there.
>>NOORY: When you're
doing this, you
must be in awe over
some of the things that
comes out of their mouths.
>>COSME: I'm really
so grateful to Dolores
because this is like
the funnest job ever.
I love all the stuff
that I get to find out,
and then I get to
share it with you.
>>NOORY: What other things did
they talk about Avalon about?
>>COSME: Well, they
kept saying that there
are children that are
being born these days that
are bridging the gap between
the fairy realm and humanity.
And one of the markers is that
they are coming in after 2013.
The number 13 seemed to be a
very powerful fairy number.
And it's funny because I thought
that 13 was like a bad number,
but it turns out that's
a very lucky number.
And even the druids knew
the power of the 13.
But one way to connect
with the fairies
is just by showing
your respect to them,
and leaving them little
offerings and gifts.
And asking for them to
work with you, because they
can actually be very beneficial.
And they can be beneficial
with your plants
and help you in many
different aspects of your life
if you approach it in
a very respectful way.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
been scared, Sarah?
>>COSME: No.
>>NOORY: Doing some kind
of hypnosis on somebody
and you're hearing
what they're saying.
Did it ever frighten you?
>>COSME: No.
Never.
>>NOORY: Never?
>>COSME: The reason I
think it's so beneficial
is I'm speaking with their
higher consciousness.
So it's like a higher level
looking down on our life,
and I get to see things
from a higher perspective.
So for you and I right now,
looking around ourselves
and seeing what's
going on, sometimes it
doesn't always look great.
But when you take a step
back and you see things
from a higher perspective,
you can find out anything.
You can find out why
you chose this lifetime,
and you can find out what
you're really doing here
and things like that.
And you can see how
everything always works out.
>>NOORY: Do you ever
regress yourself?
>>COSME: I try to get one
session a year, honestly.
Because I feel like everybody
has so much information
within them, and I try--
it helps me in my life, so
I get one regression a year.
>>NOORY: Why is this so
important to all of us?
>>COSME: The
importance to all of us
is really that as we move
through our evolution,
when people look
into the future,
they see we return
to the ancient ways.
So it's really
important to understand
what are the ancient ways.
How do we reclaim these?
How do we become one
with nature again?
And it seems on the other side,
or from a higher perspective,
or if you look into
the future a little bit
we live within
harmony of nature.
And we have
beautiful communities
that look more tribal, and
so it's just very helpful
to understand that we're
reclaiming our magic.
It's also important
to understand--
I've talked to so many clients
under hypnosis and their higher
self.
And it's important to understand
that in the rest of the cosmos,
the most powerful
being in the universe
is the awakened human, the
fully developed, spiritually
developed human like
Shiva or like Buddha.
Which means that everyone
is sitting on so much power
and we just don't know it.
We don't understand how
to use our physical body,
our emotional guidance system.
We don't know.
It's been programmed out of us.
So it's time to reprogram
ourselves to reclaim this,
because--
>>NOORY: How many people are
really developed that far?
>>COSME: I'm not.
I wish.
>>NOORY: You're not.
>>COSME: I'm still
a work in progress.
One day at a time.
But I think that
as a collective,
we're doing this
as a collective.
I think that just being
aware of the potential
helps people to understand
the power that they
have within them, and to go
start to investigate themselves.
>>NOORY: Would you ever
like to visit Avalon?
>>COSME: I would love to.
I would love to.
>>NOORY: What do
you think you'd see?
>>COSME: I think I would see
all the magical fairy creatures.
I've always wanted
to see a dragon.
I think it would
be really amazing.
Apparently, they're very wise.
And people actually make
connections with this realm,
and they can receive guidance.
And what about you, George?
What would you go see?
>>NOORY: I want to see
the women of Avalon.
>>COSME: Me too.
I want to do one
of those ceremonies
because it sounds really cool.
And I think that there's a lot
you could do when you understood
how to manifest something,
or use crystals,
or-- apparently in Avalon,
this sacred place in the UK
that used to be
shrouded by mists,
there's still treasure there.
>>NOORY: It's interesting.
We have the myth of the
Amazonian women in the Amazon,
and then we have Avalon.
Are there any
similarities there?
>>COSME: Probably.
Because the women understood
how to manifest things,
and they understood the
sacredness of how connected
they were with the earth.
And they understood
about plants and how
to use the different
dances and things
like that would be my guess.
But that's something
I hope I find out
about in future sessions
about those women.
>>NOORY: And you'll let us know?
>>COSME: Definitely.
>>NOORY: Sarah,
the women of Avalon
apparently had a meeting
with the Templars
on some kind of island.
What was the island?
Was that Avalon?
>>COSME: That's what some
people consider Avalon as well.
So it was shrouded in mist.
And the reason why they did
all their sacred ceremonies
there was because
during this time period,
if they were doing these
ceremonies in a forest,
say, and someone came upon them,
they would have been murdered.
So they had access
to this island
that would only be available
during certain tides.
And these women of Avalon
had foreseen in their visions
that the Templars would
be working with them.
So one Templar in particular saw
one of these women in a town.
And the woman allowed the
Templar to follow her,
and that's how they
started this relationship.
At certain points, the
Templars would hide.
>>NOORY: Is that a no, no?
>>COSME: No.
It was very-- it was a
beautiful relationship they had.
They had common goals,
which was basically
helping to store our sacred
artifacts and our treasure.
>>NOORY: What happened
to the relationship?
>>COSME: There was a beautiful
relationship between my clients
under hypnosis, her teacher
and this one particular woman
in Avalon.
They developed a very
romantic relationship.
It wasn't like-- they
didn't have children.
It was just a very
beautiful relationship
of divine masculine
and divine feminine.
And it's interesting
because when
people look into
the future, they
see this template of
relationships resurfacing.
So it was so beautiful
in her descriptions
of this type of relationship.
>>NOORY: Who is Jules Hernandez?
>>COSME: Jules Hernandez
was the name of this person
in that past life.
Because she could
remember everything
when it came to that life,
so she remembered her name.
And she remembered, basically,
she was like a Spaniard.
She remembered even down to
what her fork looked like.
I mean, the mess
hall, where they hid
the treasure on this island.
And it was just fascinating to
understand all this information.
>>NOORY: The holy
grail is the chalice
that Jesus drank from, right?
>>COSME: Yes.
>>NOORY: Where is it?
>>COSME: It's right now--
when the Templars secured this
artifact in people's memories,
it seemed like they secured
it from King Solomon.
And they put it
in a crate and it
was transported to this
island, where it still
is, in miles and miles deep
in Nova Scotia right now.
This chalice was fascinating.
Because when people would
pass it around in a circle,
what they remembered
is that they weren't
drinking any liquid from it.
They were drinking of
each other's spirit,
and they would drink this in
and it would activate them.
It would create this
energetic activation,
and only when the right
person was touching it.
But it would create this
energetic activation
and it would download
knowledge to them.
And this holy grail
in people's memories
doesn't seem like it
came from the earth,
but it was passed through
our ancient civilizations.
Because when people try to find
the origin of it, they can't.
They can't find the origin.
So it has some
specific properties
where it actually can melt
in front of your eyes,
but it would seem to have been
made out of a type of gold.
But it's really thanks
to Avalon that we still
have these treasures, or we
even have this knowledge.
Like thank goodness for
these women and the Templars
that worked with these women
to secure this information
and store it before hiding it to
where it is now on this island.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
your client, Drew.
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
This is another crazy
thing that happened
to me while putting together
this book is Drew under--
when he was under hypnosis,
this presence came into the room
and said his name was Merlin.
>>NOORY: The magician?
>>COSME: Yes.
He said that I wanted to talk
to him, which how would anyone
know this?
No one knew what
I was working on.
>>NOORY: Drew says
he was Merlin?
>>COSME: Well, under hypnosis
Merlin started talking to him.
>>NOORY: Under hypnosis they all
started doing strange things.
>>COSME: So Merlin started
speaking through my client,
Drew, and started telling
me amazing things about--
>>NOORY: Oh, we have a clip of
Drew who remembers being Merlin,
and here's what he says
about being invisible.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
- If a person wanted
to become a master
and figure out how to
make themselves invisible,
like what you showed the
kingdom during Arthur,
how does a person go about that?
If they wanted to practice that.
- So I would say that
if somebody wanted
to make themselves
invisible, they
would concentrate on
their own personal energy
field in relationship to
the world around them.
And then energetically
push themselves
higher until they're outside
of the frequency of that realm,
or kingdom, or dimension
is the word in his mind.
So if you look at the energy
that contains as a sphere,
and then you feel the energy
of that sphere in relationship
to the energy of the
world around you.
And then you push the
vibrational sphere of yourself
higher.
So if you feel within
you that the energy is
differentially higher,
more gaseous, less dense.
My apologies.
I'm working with the
vocabulary he has.
If you felt that
energetics around
you and you moved it upwards.
You moved it higher.
You moved it into
higher feeling states.
States of higher intentionality.
And then you push
downwards upon that energy
so that you're popping
upwards as if you're
like a bubble floating
higher into a higher
dimensional frequency.
And when you do that, when
you push yourself higher,
you would become invisible
to the lower realm.
[END PLAYBACK]
Merlin was one of my favorite
characters in King Arthur lore.
>>COSME: He was amazing.
I learned so much from
this consciousness.
>>NOORY: And there he was.
>>COSME: I know, and
I learned so much.
I mean, he was telling me
how he would put information
into these symbols
and cast the symbol
and create different things.
And he would work
with the fairy realm
and work with the
natural environment
to create different things.
Merlin also said he had an
agreement with the fairy realm
in order to get the Excalibur
for King Arthur as an agreement.
It was amazing what I could
find out through this being.
But what I wanted
to tell you, George,
that was so fascinating to
me, is that how he's talking.
Merlin's talking about how
we could become invisible.
But he was saying that
us as a collective, this
is what we're doing.
We're actually popping ourselves
up into a different realm,
and that's what it's going
to feel like as we ascend.
>>NOORY: How do people find you?
>>COSME: They can
go to my website,
theholistichypnotist.com.
>>NOORY: And your
book, A Hypnotist
Journey to Avalon,
where do we get that?
>>COSME: You can
get it on Amazon,
and in this book
contains a spell that you
can use to see fairies.
>>NOORY: Under hypnosis,
can I get to Avalon?
>>COSME: Sure.
Why not, George?
Let's do it.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>COSME: Thank you.
>>NOORY: I might do this
and come back and report
on what Avalon is like to you.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]